`multi_predict()` for glmnet to return mean count (#89)
tidymodels/poissonreg: NEWS.md

# poissonreg (development version)

> * Predictions via `multi_predict()` for glmnet models now correctly are the mean counts instead of the linear predictor (#89).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Predictions via `multi_predict()` for glmnet models now correctly default to mean counts instead of the linear predictor (#89).
```

Maybe? Not sure if this is actually the case.
